utils/README.md, before:

# **Utils (CM)**
<h2><i>Utils Function</i></h2>
<br>
This module provides you several useful function which are used
through all JPL's module.
It is splitted into headers file which can be considered as 
sub-modules
<br><br>
This module may be seen even as a SDM (Self-Dependency Module) since some of its headers include some others of this same module.
<br><br>
Since all its headers can be considered as sub-modules, you can download those ones you need and discard all other ones (unless they are not included by those ones you need). 
<br>
<br>

## List of Sub-Modules:
> <span style="color:yellow">BitsUtils</span> 
>> To operate on bits (boolean array)

> <span style="color:yellow">CharUtils</span> 
>> To manage chars array

> <span style="color:yellow">ConversionUtils</span> 
>> To perform conversion between data-type

> <span style="color:yellow">ErrorUtils</span> 
>> To enhance checking of last error occurred

> <span style="color:yellow">FilesUtils</span> 
>> To reading/getting file and path<br><br>
>> <span style="color:aqua">*Required Sub-Modules:*</span> 
>>> <span style="color:yellow">ErrorUtils</span>

> <span style="color:yellow">DebugUtils</span> 
>> To provides some function whilst debugger is attached<br><br>
>> <span style="color:aqua">*Required Sub-Modules:*</span> 
>>> <span style="color:yellow">ErrorUtils</span>

Commit message:

Added USE_STACKTRACE_W_EXCEPTION_JPL to Exception module. First release of Stacktrace into Utils module

utils/README.md, after:

# **Utils (CM)**
<h2><i>Utils Function</i></h2>
<br>
This module provides you several useful function which are used
through all JPL's module.
It is splitted into headers file which can be considered as 
sub-modules
<br><br>
This module may be seen even as a SDM (Self-Dependency Module) since some of its headers include some others of this same module.
<br><br>
Since all its headers can be considered as sub-modules, you can download those ones you need and discard all other ones (unless they are not included by those ones you need). 
<br>
<br>

## List of Sub-Modules:
> <span style="color:yellow">BitsUtils</span> 
>> To operate on bits (boolean array)

> <span style="color:yellow">CharUtils</span> 
>> To manage chars array

> <span style="color:yellow">ConversionUtils</span> 
>> To perform conversion between data-type

> <span style="color:yellow">FilesUtils</span> 
>> To reading/getting file and path<br><br>

> <span style="color:yellow">DebugUtils</span> 
>> To provides some function whilst debugger is attached or about stacktrace and errors occurred<br><br>

> <span style="color:yellow">StructureUtils</span> 
>> To provide several Data-Structure<br><br>

> <span style="color:yellow">FunctionalUtils</span> 
>> To provide funtional interfaces which can be used through StructureUtils
